Hello and welcome back.
In this lecture we're going to provide a solution to our previous challenge which was implementing the
visitor design pattern.
Let's spring up our ontology.
We're gonna name this project visitor solution.
The solution has to do with creating calculating the postal cost for different regions on particular
items.
So let's go ahead and say visitor solution
there.
First thing we want to do is we want to create the element interface.
This is the visitor bowl interface.
So we're going to say new Java class and we're going to call this visit to bowl visit to bowl not visitor
but visit the bowl.
Here is the interface.
And this is just going to have our accept method that takes a visitor as a parameter.
So public void except visit tor visitor
is it.
There we go.
The next step will be it will be to create the concrete elements.
So this would be the book.
This would be the C.D..
And this would be the DVD.
Right.
So we're gonna say class book implements visiting all.
And this is going to have a price and a way for member variables in our constructor is going to go ahead
and set this price and way overloaded constructor.
Right.
So private double priced private double way sets it up.
We then need to implement our accept method.
So we're going to have an over in method override or override.
And this is gonna be called Public void loops.
Public void except hand it takes a visitor.
And what this is gonna do it's just gonna call the visitor visit method.
So it's gonna just a visitor visit and it's gonna pass in itself has a parameter.
So we're just gonna say this and again we're going to implement the visitors in a second.
The other thing we need to do is have a couple getters for the price and the way and then that will
complete the class we need to do something similar for both again our C.D. and our DVD.
So for the city we're gonna say Class C implements visible.
And this again is going to have at a price in a way for its member variables and a constructor to set
that date up.
These do look similar but remember they could be drastically different if we needed to accept method
is gonna just call the visitor and we're gonna have get methods for the price and the way just like
our book Class.
So again pretty straightforward.
The last concrete element we need to create is our DVD.
And so we're going to say class DVD implements visible and again a lot of the same here.
Double price and so forth.
Now again you may say hey there's duplicate code but we're not demonstrate we're demonstrating the visible
visitor pattern right.
So we're not making the classes that are so distinct these would be quite different because they're
obviously different with DVD and C.D. on the rest the class is the same as the other ones it called
the visitor the accept method is here calls visit on that visitor object and passes itself in with its
way and its price.
So the next thing we need to do is create that visitor interface.
So here we're going to say new Java class and we're gonna say visitor.
Right.
And remember we have to have a visit method inside here for each one of our items.
So we're gonna have three methods are public void visit on a book and then we're also going to have
one for our C.D. and our DVD.
So C.D.
and DVD just like that and we want to make sure this is an interface.
Now we should have the read go away in here and it does.
We have to create our concrete visitor remember there's two concrete visitors we want to create one
for us postage and one for South American postage.
So we're gonna call this class our U.S. Postage visitor.
And this is going to implement our visitor interface.
We're gonna have a running tally so we're gonna say private double total postage for card and then our
constructor is gonna just use the default constructor we're gonna collect data about the book in our
visit method.
So we're gonna also we have a lot of restrictions in our visit method in terms of how we're gonna do
our calculations.
The one restriction we imagine that we're going to see if the price is over a certain amount if the
price is over a certain amount we're not going to add any additional postage.
All right.
So for books if the book price is less than 20 then we'll calculate the total postage for the car.
Otherwise we don't have any total postage it would just be zero.
So it might be good to actually initialize this to zero even though it's automatically done in Java.
So here we're just saying if we have a case assume we have a calculation here related to weight and
price free postage for a book over 10 dollars so over 20 I should say and remember the algorithm we
use to calculate the total postage was the book wait times to write and this was for our book.
Now our C.D. was if the price was again over twenty dollars we would calculate the postage for wait
times 2.5.
So we would do something like this.
And for DVD it was a little different.
If the price was over 20 bucks we would do the wait times three.
And then we also to round out this class we want to add a method that returns the total postage for
the car.
We want to return the internal state.
So we're gonna add a little thing here get total postage and then we're going to end the class.
All right.
We also need to create a concrete visitor for our South America visitor.
So here we're gonna say class South America
postage visitor.
And that's going to implement the visitor interface as well.
Again we're going to have a running tally so we're gonna say private double total postage for a car
and we'll initialize this to zero
and then our visit for the book is gonna be similar except for South America.
The price has to be over 30 dollars to get free postage.
So right.
Just another simple if statement oh less than 30 dollars.
We'll calculate it and we have to double it as well.
So we're gonna say book wait times to die at times to to double it.
The C.D. is gonna be the same except the wait times 2.5 times to something like that.
And the DVD it's is going to be similar as well.
It will be like this.
And we also want to have a get method for the total postage.
So we'll just add public double get total postage for cart and this will take no parameters and we'll
just return our member variable
like that and then we'll end this class.
Last thing we need to need to do is create the calculus or the client.
So we're gonna say new Java class we're gonna name this client and this will need to have a couple of
things in it.
First we're going to actually create an array list and we can do that outside of our main.
We're also going to have a helper for calculating the postage so let's go ahead and do that.
We'll have normal shopping cart stuff here outside of the main where we have our array list and we're
just creating a new array list with visible items.
All right.
All of these the books the DVD and the C.D. And then we're gonna have a helper method that will call
the calculate postage the accept method on all the vegetables and it will return the total.
And this will be in army.
So what we have here is our public static double calculate postage and it takes a visitor object for
each visitor.
Right.
All the items in the array list we're going to call except in passing the visitor.
We're then going to try to get the total postage for each visitor.
Right.
So we want to make sure we're doing this right.
And these methods are actually called gets total postage for card
something like that.
We just want to make sure you have our public static void Main and we'll correct that right here in
a sec.
And the thing we forgot to do is you forgot to add this method to the interface so we'll actually shorten
it.
We'll just say get total postage.
And so this will will make it what it is our ready for card.
And then we'll need to add this in our visitor interface.
Public void gets total postage for card or get total postage.
How about now we'll change it back to get total posted.
Sorry about that.
Something like that and then we'll make sure this one is correct as well.
And now we can call that from our regular class and we want to make it a double.
And we should have no errors.
Now get total postage.
OK finally.
Thank you.
Thank you for being patient.
But you'll see what this method does.
Right.
It just goes through all the items in the array list for each item it calls except passes and its visitor.
And you know that what's going to happen here is that is going to call the visit method passing in itself
based on the visitor pass to it and then from there we're gonna call the get total post to total postage
on that visitor and return it.
So our client becomes a little bit simple simpler.
All we have to do now is we have to create a bunch of visitors some books some seeds and DVD.
We then have to add them as elements to the areola.
So we're gonna create some vegetables.
Remember these are the elements I just came up with some arbitrary prices and weights and then we have
to add each one to the array list.
Our static array list up here once we added them now we can actually call the calculate postage.
First though we want to create a visitor.
So we're gonna say visitor and we're gonna say this is gonna be a new U.S. Postage visitor.
And then we're gonna call double my postage for this by calling our helper method passing in our visitor
and now return the cost of the US postage for these three items.
And this visitor.
And then we're gonna just print that out and then we're also gonna do it for another visitor.
So we're gonna reset the visitor and this time we're gonna say New South American postage visitor and
we'll reduce my postage.
And this one is just gonna calculate the postage on a new visitor which is now pointing to South America
and then the last thing we need to do is just print out the total.
Something like this and that will conclude our implementation.
Now some of the things that you should have noticed it's a pretty simple formula.
But the point of this calculation up here is for all the regional postage is done in one central place
right.
It's all done into the visitors right to drive this visitor.
We'll need a way of iterating through our sharper shopping cart and that's what we do here.
All right.
So let's go ahead and build this and we'll try to run it and we'll see it calculates different postage
shipping costs depending on the visitor type.
So run client Maine and you'll notice that which page should truncate this but you'll notice that the
totals postage from items is twenty one or forty three.
And really what we should do is have better informational messages here
in our client actually the total postage for my U S items or for items for items shipped to the US is
in the total postage for my items shipped to South America
is.
And you'll notice it is pretty much double right.
So again Bill this I'm just a little bit nicer output.
No big deal.
We're just demonstrating the pattern itself.
So we say Ron Klein on me a little more informative.
Now if we had other types of items here once the visitor implements a method to visit that item we could
easily calculate the total postage.
OK.
So this helps clean up your code quite a bit.
The whole point of the pattern and you can separate out certain logic from the element themselves keeping
the data classes very simple.
So that's the solution to the challenge.
Thank you.